Create migrating-CMS-settings-after-major-update.md (#716)
vtex-apps/io-documentation: docs/en/Recipes/development/migrating-CMS-settings-after-major-update.md

# Migrating CMS settings after a theme major update

> You may need to do a major update of your `store-theme` due to changes in its peer dependencies, for example. In this situation, however, changing to a new `store-theme` major could lead to undesired consequences, such as losing the page template settings in the admin.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You may need to do a major update of your app store theme due to changes in its peer dependencies, for example. In this situation, however, changing to a new app store theme major could lead to undesired consequences, such as losing the page template settings in the admin.
```

To handle this situation, you have the option of migrating template settings by following the step-by-step presented in the sequence.

## Step by step

> 1.  Using your terminal and the VTEX IO [Toolbelt](https://vtex.io/docs/recipes/development/vtex-io-cli-installation-and-command-reference/), [publish](https://vtex.io/docs/recipes/development/making-your-new-app-version-publicly-available/#step-2-publishing-the-new-app-version) your new `store-theme`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Using your terminal and the VTEX IO [Toolbelt](https://vtex.io/docs/recipes/development/vtex-io-cli-installation-and-command-reference/), [publish](https://vtex.io/docs/recipes/development/making-your-new-app-version-publicly-available/#step-2-publishing-the-new-app-version) the new major version of your app store theme.
```

> 2. Log into the account correspondent to your `store-theme`'s `vendor`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Log into the account which the theme is installed.
```

3. Run `vtex use {workspaceName} --production` to **create and use a new** production workspace.

> ⚠️ *Remember to replace the values between the curly brackets according to your scenario.*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
⚠️ *Remember to replace the values between the curly braces according to your scenario.*
```

> 4. Run `vtex install {appvendor}.{appname}@{appversion}` to install the `store-theme` published in step 1.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Run `vtex install {appvendor}.{appname}@{appversion}` to install the app store theme published in step 1.
```

4. Run `vtex install vtex.admin-graphql-ide@3.x` to install the GraphQL admin IDE.
5. In your browser, access your account's admin and select the GraphQL admin IDE in the side-bar menu.
6. From the dropdown list, choose the `vtex.pages-graphql@2.x` app.

> 7.  Copy the mutation command presented in the following to the text box that is displayed and update the `from` and `to` values according to your scenario.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
7. Copy the mutation command presented below to the text box that is displayed and update the `from` and `to` values according to your scenario.
```

```
mutation{

>   updateThemeIds(from:"{appvendor}.myvtex@{oldmajor}.x", to:"{appvendor}.myvtex@{newmajor}.x")

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  updateThemeIds(from:"{appvendor}.{appname}@{oldmajor}.x", to:"{appvendor}.{appname}@{newmajor}.x")
```
